{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red15\green118\blue174;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c70196;\cssrgb\c0\c54118\c73725;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh17500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data Content\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa80\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs28 \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The happiness scores and rankings use data from Gallup World Poll.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl320\sa80\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Gallup World Poll: In 2005, Gallup began its World Poll, which continually surveys citizens in 160 countries, representing more than 98% of the world's adult population. The Gallup World Poll consists of more than 100 global questions as well as region-specific items.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 The columns following the happiness score estimate the extent to which each of six factors \'96 economic production, social support, life expectancy, freedom, absence of corruption, and generosity \'96 contribute to making life evaluations higher in each country than they are in Dystopia, a hypothetical country that has values equal to the world\'92s lowest national averages for each of the six factors. They have no impact on the total score reported for each country, but they do explain why some countries rank higher than others.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Ladder score:
\f0\b0 \'a0Happiness score or subjective well-being. This is the national average response to the question of life evaluations.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa80\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Logged GDP per capita:
\f0\b0 \'a0The GDP-per-capita time series from 2019 to 2020 using countryspecific forecasts of real GDP growth in 2020.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Social support:
\f0\b0 \'a0Social support refers to assistance or support provided by members of social networks to an individual.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Healthy life expectancy:
\f0\b0 \'a0Healthy life expectancy is the average life in good health - that is to say without irreversible limitation of activity in daily life or incapacities - of a fictitious generation subject to the conditions of mortality and morbidity prevailing that year.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa80\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Freedom to make life choices:
\f0\b0 \'a0Freedom to make life choices is the national average of binary responses to the GWP question \'93Are you satisfied or dissatisfied with your freedom to choose what you do with your life?\'94 ... It is defined as the average of laughter and enjoyment for other waves where the happiness question was not asked\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Generosity:
\f0\b0 \'a0Generosity is the residual of regressing national average of response to the GWP question \'93Have you donated money to a charity in the past month?\'94 on GDP per capita.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Perceptions of corruption:
\f0\b0 \'a0The measure is the national average of the survey responses to two questions in the GWP: \'93Is corruption widespread throughout the government or not\'94 and \'93Is corruption widespread within businesses or not?\'94\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Ladder score in Dystopia:
\f0\b0 \'a0It has values equal to the world\'92s lowest national averages. Dystopia as a benchmark against which to compare contributions from each of the six factors. Dystopia is an imaginary country that has the world's least-happy people. ... Since life would be very unpleasant in a country with the world's lowest incomes, lowest life expectancy, lowest generosity, most corruption, least freedom, and least social support, it is referred to as \'93Dystopia,\'94 in contrast to Utopia\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\sa80\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 World Happiness Report Official Website:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://worldhappiness.report/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 https://worldhappiness.report/}}\
}